About the Company:
Via is using technology to transform transportation around the world. From changing a single person’s daily commute to reducing humanity’s collective environmental footprint — we’ve got huge goals.

We’re Via, and we build technology that changes the way the world moves. We pioneered the TransitTech category to ensure that the future of transportation is shared, dynamic public mobility — the kind that reduces carbon emissions across congested cities, minimizes reliance on private cars, and provides everyone with accessible, efficient, and affordable ways of getting around.

We created the first end-to-end TransitTech solution for cities and transit agencies, offering world-class software, service design, and operational expertise to fundamentally improve the way the world moves.

Via was founded with the guiding principle that we go further when we go together. We are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles. All backgrounds, identities, and voices are welcomed and celebrated at Via.


About the job:
We’re looking for a Senior Product Manager,  to lead the development and launch of a new product that helps transit agencies deliver reliable and efficient service to their communities. This role offers the unique opportunity to create from the ground up while leveraging the strengths of an established platform to maximize impact. You will drive this new product from inception through execution, collaborating closely with product managers, product designers, engineers, and other cross-functional team members to shape this new product.

What You'll Do:
Understand transit and transportation planners’ needs through frequent customer interviews and tracked customer requests.
Synthesize these needs into a product strategy & prioritization framework with clear measurable goals and get buy-in from cross-functional stakeholders.
Work closely with the engineering and design teams to scope, design, build, and iterate features that advance this strategy
Work with marketing and success teams to communicate and roll out this new product to customers
Measure the results, learn, and iterate
Stay current with industry trends to drive innovation and prepare the team for emerging challenges.

Who You Are:
An experienced product manager, with a minimum of 5-7 years of experience in startups or large companies operating on a global scale
A “simplifier” who breaks down complex logical and technical concepts and readily finds product-oriented solutions to divergent customer requests
You can quickly and independently learn about new, highly technical and specialized domains
A team player, with great communication/listening skills and a can-do attitude
You have a natural empathy for users and instincts for what makes a great software product
Demonstrated success in handling an end-to-end product lifecycle with the ability to drive product planning, development, and launch
You are entrepreneurial, comfortable with ambiguity and have a bias for action
You take a deeply collaborative approach to your work
You have passion and energy that inspires others

